User must be able to create an account, login and logout.
User must be able to delete their account.
User must be able to add a description to their profile.
User must be able to add a display picture to their profile.
User must be able to modify their account.
User must be able to view their followers. 
User must be able to view their works.
User must be able to view their reads.
User must be able to write their stories from scratch on the website.
User must be able to save their ongoing projects as draft.
User must be able to add a cover page.
User must be able to specify genre and language of their stories.
User must be able to mark their projects’ status.
User must be able to view number of readers of their stories.
User must be able to add a chapter to their stories.
User must be able to delete a chapter or a story.
User must be able to add a header to each chapter.
User must be able to open a story for reading.
User must be able to navigate through pages and chapters while reading.
User must be able to bookmark their current page.
User must be able to add a story to a reading list.
User must be able to access a list containing all their current reads.
User must be able to archive a story from their current reads.
User must be able to remove a story from their current reads or reading list.
User must be able to rate a chapter and add reviews.
User must be able to add comments to a page and chapter.
User must be able to view trending books.
A user must be able to follow another user.
A user must be able to unfollow another user.
User must be able to report or block another user.

User must be able to get notification of new followers.
User must be able to share their uploads on social media.
User must be able to put restriction on the audience of their stories.
User must be able to add or remove tags and warnings to their stories.
User must be able to change the privacy settings of their stories.
User must be able to modify a chapter of a story.
User must be able to view a chapter’s rating and reviews.
User must be able to dedicate a chapter or story.
User must be able to search for a story by its name, categories or tags.
User must be able to report a story.
User must be able to receive notifications when a book is updated.
User must be able to get book and follow recommendations.
User must be able to share a book on social media.

Admin must be able to moderate content.
Admin must be able to delete content.
Admin must be able to censor sensitive/abusive comments.
Admin must be able to contact users.
Admin must be able to delete users.
